# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- An optional reason argument to the `!rate` command.
- Handler for missing command argument. User will be encourage to check the help command.

### Changed
- `!rate` expires after 6h instead of 24h.

## [0.9.0] - 2021-12-28
### Changed
- Downgrade `!rate 10` to `9` if not entitled.
- Rename `!rate-all` to `!rate-standup`.
- Move Rating commands to own Cog.
- Create base class for Cog to remove boilerplate.

## [0.8.0] - 2021-12-27
### Added
- The well-known rating sytem with commands: `!rate, !rate-status, !rate-all`.

### Changed
- Split commands to separate Cogs: General, Search & BotMeta.

## [0.7.0] - 2021-12-26
### Added
- Intercept 'gut alles'

## [0.6.0] - 2021-12-26
### Added
- `!deployment` command

## [0.5.0] - 2021-12-25
### Added
- Intercept 'system'

## [0.4.0] - 2021-12-20
### Added
- Alias `!lmgtfy` to `!google`

### Changed
- `!version` checks if this is the latest tag on GitHub too.


## [0.3.0] - 2021-12-20
### Added
- Add helper to colorize text.
- Add `@message_interceptor` decorator to make it easy to add new interceptors.
- Added search commands: `!google, !duck, !youtube, !wikipedia, !imdb`

### Changed
- Broke out commands to Cog. Now e.g. help message is autogenerated and is nicer


## [0.2.0] - 2021-12-19
### Changed
- Split to staging and prod envionment.

## [0.1.0] - 2021-12-19
- Initial working release with a few starter bot commands
- Continious build and deployment with Google Cloud Run
